All right. Welcome to CS547. I've just got
a few words of administrative stuff. The
official sign-in list is right here. It
should have everyone's name on it who was
here last time. Just give your signature
next to it, and that should be enough. If
you're not on the list, just put your name
at the end. And we've also had some
problems in the past with the list sort of
being stuck over here. So if you're
holding the list over here and it's not
going anywhere, make sure it gets over
there because that seems to be a perpetual
problem. And subbing for today is Karen
Butler, and she's going to give an
introduction. Yes, I'm substituting for
Professor Winograd today. and I just
wanted to briefly introduce our speaker
for today. Lucy Suchman was one of the
first to apply anthropology to the whole
area of human-computer interaction. She is
the author of Plans and Situated Actions,
which came out of her dissertation work.
and she has been working at Xerox PARC for
several years where she's head of the is
it product work practices area and where
she's really an expert in work patterns
and applying this whole area so she's
going to be speaking us to us today about
some of her work in this area thank you
OK.
Oh, it's the left-right problem, I see.
I have to reverse the little clip.
Okay, is that as it's supposed to be as
far as you can tell? Okay, my talk today
is, the title is Putting Working Document
Collections Online, and I'm going to use a
current project that I'm involved with as
a kind of illustration of the work that I
and my colleagues at Xerox PARC have been
doing, and this is very much a joint
project with my colleagues Jeanette
Blomberg, who's also an anthropologist,
Randy Trigg, who's a computer scientist,
and David Levy, who's a computer
scientist. So this is a thoroughly
collaborative effort that I'm presenting
to you today. And as you'll see, the title
is Putting Working Document Collections
Online. That's sort of the more general
project, and then the more specific
instance of it that I'm going to be
talking about is located in a particular
organization, namely our beloved State
Department of Transportation, Caltrans.
And you'll hear a lot more about that as I
go along. I wanted to start out by showing
you one model of the problem of current
design practice and how to address it. And
I'm showing you this because this is not
our model. And I'll let you digest it
here.
So this wonderful cartoon, which I like
very much, posits a particular view of
what the problem might be with existing
design practice and how it might be
corrected. And we're interested in viewing
both sides of this in a very different
way. You know, we see this not as a
behavioral problem of individual
designers, but as a very complex and
multifaceted problem that really includes
how design as a practice is currently
located within what I think are two self
-contained sort of insular environments
environments and sort of overly
professionalized world so that even
designers, practicing designers who would
really like to do things in a different
way find it quite difficult to do that.
And it shifts from being a kind of a
psychological problem to being a social
problem and one that implicates I think a
fairly broad range of forms of social
change if we really want want to address
it that have to do with how the working
relationships of technology production and
use are currently organized. I'm not going
to elaborate on that today, but that's
kind of a framing for how we're looking at
the question of design practice and
potential changes and improvements to it.
And let me give you, just to continue the
prelude here a little bit longer, another
kind of motivating view of our motivating
problem. Any of you who have heard me talk
before have probably seen this slide
because I'm very fond of it. I apologize
for any repetition. But it's an image
that's taken from an ad in a computing
magazine a few years back. and the
question that it asks is why do this at
the top you have the sort of proverbial
paper napkin on which brilliant ideas have
been scribbled over the course of a lunch
and so the question is why do this use a
paper napkin when you can do this and it's
a little hard to see but we've got these
two guys sitting at a very small table and
they have a laptop in between them and of
course it's not clear you know where they
would put their lunch or their napkins or
whatever but you know it's a little bit of
poetic or artistic license here. And the
project that we've taken on, I think of it
as taking this as a serious question. So
rather than treating it as a kind of
rhetorical question, as I think the
writers of this ad copy do, you know, the
answer to this question is self-evident,
we're saying, well, you know, what might
be the reasons that you would do this
given the opportunity to do that? And that
starts by taking existing artifacts
seriously. Paper napkins as, you know, for
us an extremely relevant artifact in so
far as, in this case, it's been turned
into a document. And that's what we're
interested in at Xerox. But so let's start
by seeing what are the media that people
are using at present. And what are the
particular resources that those media
provide? and have that as a background
that informs the answer to the question,
how is the introduction of new media, how
does the introduction of new media relate
to the use of existing media? So we want
to take it as a serious question. We also
want to, again, I think that this image
assumes that we're in a situation where
we're going from one medium to the next.
So it's going to be a wholesale
displacement transformation. this is the
paperless office sort of fantasy. And
instead, we're going to assume that we are
now and will continue to be living in a
world made up of multiple media. That for
a lot of both practical reasons, paper is
going to be staying around. It's just
tremendously, there's a very, very
extensive investment in paper media that
can't be transformed overnight. night and
also of course as people like my
colleagues Abby Sellin and Richard Harper
at the Cambridge lab of Xerox have pointed
out paper has certain affordances that are
that are quite powerful and effective so
for both practical reasons and because
paper is a useful medium we are going to
continue to live in a world that's made up
of multiple media and the sense I have is
that you know we might just be becoming
sophisticated enough technologically that
we can actually design for a world that
includes both paper and digital media and
that involves of course making it much
easier for people to move between those
media so that's the goal is supporting
multiple media and and relations between
them rather than you know transforming
ourselves from paper to digital. And then
finally the kind of reworking that we want
to do of this image is rather than taking
the artifacts, the technologies that we're
interested in as these objects floating in
white space as they are so nicely here, we
want to locate them in the environments
where they're actually going to be used.
And that means going out into work sites
and seeing how it is that people are
actually using the artifacts and the
technologies that we're interested in in
the course of their everyday activities.
Okay, so with that kind of background,
what I'm going to try to do in the time
that remains is first a little bit of an
introduction, again, to give you a sense
of a couple of general aspects of the
approach that we're taking. The first,
what we're calling case-based prototyping,
which I'll explain, and then this idea of
working document collections. And then
having sort of talked briefly about those
two general ideas, move into the specific
project that we're involved with at
Caltrans, and in particular our work with
their project files, and then the
prototype that we've developed to address
the problems that we've found. Okay, so
first of all case-based prototypes. This
is another kind of framing image for the
work that we're doing, which is focused on
this idea of the project of design being
artful integration. that increasingly
design is as much if not more about
embedding artifacts and technologies new
in new ways into existing environments as
it is about inventing things completely de
novo so and the things that we're trying
to integrate are both to integrate the
technology both with the activities that
people are engaged in with their work
practices and with the rest of their
technology environment. And a sort of
center for that for us is what we're
calling case-based prototypes. Case-based
because these are prototypes that actually
incorporate real work, some understanding
of real work practices and work materials
into them in contrast to some of the
demonstration prototypes that we have
around that take some kind of a generic
corpus of materials and try to show what
it would be like to work with the system.
And our experience is that when people are
assessing a prototype that actually has
their documents in it, their work
materials, they have a base for doing that
assessment that's much, much richer than
if they're looking at the Encyclopedia
Britannica or something that we all kind
of recognize but none of us is actively
engaged with. So it strengthens the
grounds on which people can assess the
prototype. And then the other piece of
integration that we're trying to do in our
prototypes is to bring together the work
that people are doing with both emerging
park technologies and existing Xerox
technologies. So we're trying to
configure, sort of craft together an
interesting relationship between those
things, and the prototype is the
manifestation, the demonstration of that.
And the particular focus for us has been
this relationship between paper and
digital media, both the kinds of
translations that we have to enable
between the two and also the kind of
cohabitations that we want them to be able
to do. What does it mean to live in a
world where some of your documents are on
paper, some are online, they're shifting
back and forth across that border? How do
you maintain the coherence across media in
that kind of situation? And then given the
general strategy of case-based
prototyping, the focus that we've taken
recently has been this idea of working
document collections. And here's a sort of
set of defining is probably too strong a
term, but characterizing criteria for
those. Basically, what we mean by working
collections are the documents that are in
between the documents that are on your
desk at any given moment. Although for
most of us, I think many of the documents
on our desk should be in our working
collection. But the idealized view is that
you have this sort of three-part division.
You've got your active documents on your
desk. You've got documents that are often
in archives somewhere, filed some distance
from your office. And then you've got your
working document collections, the
canonical form of this is your file
cabinets. And our premise is that many
organizations have a tremendous investment
in document collections that have this
character, and that there's a large
opportunity in finding ways to help people
partly migrate those collections online,
partly integrate those collections with
their with their online document
repositories the the documents that get
into this these collections are
selectively saved by people with the idea
that they're going to be useful either as
a reference or maybe actually to be reused
in some way in the future and and very
importantly you can it's very difficult to
predict what the value of any given
document is going to be in advance you
couldn't go through most most file
cabinets and definitely the collection
that I'm going to be talking about at
Caltrans and weight the documents
according to their value because the value
of the document is tied to its
availability at the moment when it's
needed. It becomes valuable in relation to
some ongoing activity. So it's this
contingent value that depends much more on
the accessibility of the document in
relation to the activity than on its
intrinsic characteristics. The The
documents in the collections that we're
looking at are very diverse, both in
quality, they include everything from
documents that have been faxed three times
and photocopied to very, very nice,
cleanly printed ASCII documents, and also
very variable in format, and I'll show you
more of that. The thing that interests us
about that is, again, a sense that when we
look at the document repositories that are
often used in research, they tend to be
rather homogeneous. So people who are
doing different aspects of document image
and document recognition and document
retrieval work are working with these sort
of standard corpora. And when we look at
these real world corpora, they have
different characteristics that pose some
interesting problems and challenges.
Document research, document search through
these collections relies very heavily on
their visual characteristics. I mean this
is just a simple observation that when you
go to your paper file cabinet, you get a
huge amount of information from being able
to scan the visual organization of the
folders, to open up a folder and scan
through the documents that are in there.
And so images, we have a very strong
emphasis as you'll see on preserving
document images. Shared access to the
collection is facilitated by its creator.
These are collections that generally, you
know, they're owned by somebody and that
person acts, to the extent that the
collections are shared, that person acts
effectively as a kind of librarian for the
collection. And there are really
interesting issues then if you're moving
those collections online, giving people
distributed access, what happens to the
role of the owner or the collector of the
corpus. And then finally, it's important
that you can get to these things easily,
because often these are documents that, as
I said, you need them in the midst of an
ongoing activity, and if you can't get a
hold of them, you're going to work around
it in some way. You're not going to send
off and wait a couple of days to get them
back. Yeah? Just for a point of
clarification, so if we're talking about a
facility design, during the actual design
process, the documents will be active,
whereas once the facility was complete and
it goes to management phase, it would be a
working collection? No, no. No, I mean,
I'm glad you asked that question because
it's very much not tied to across a
project. Documents move from active to
working status in a very dynamic way. I'm
thinking more of when a document is on
your desk and you're working with it, it's
active, and when you stick it in your
filing cabinet, it's in your working
collection. And in the case that we're
looking at, as you'll see, things are
coming in and out of the collection all
the time. So it's more dynamic than that.
Okay, alright so where are we? We're
actually spending most of our time in
Oakland at Caltrans District 4
headquarters, which is the district that's
responsible for the entire Bay area,
basically all the roads and the toll
bridges in the Bay area. And within the
District 4 headquarters, we're working
with a particular project team. And if
people are interested, I mean there are a
lot of practical things to be said about
how we got into Caltrans, how once we got
to Caltrans we sort of found our way to
this particular project. Having to do
with, again, the practicalities of sort of
crafting a manageable and relevant
project. But we are working with the team
of engineers who are involved in doing a
replacement bridge over the Carcuna
Straits, which are in the north part of
the San Francisco Bay. and these are, some
of you have probably driven across these
two bridges, they're a pair of old trestle
bridges. This one on your right was built
in 1927 and the other one was built in
1958. And what's happened is while there's
not any new bridge building going on in
the Bay Area, there are funds for seismic
retrofitting. And Caltrans has made the
argument that they're going to retrofit
the 58 bridge, but the 27 bridge is
sufficiently old and out of date that it
doesn't make sense to retrofit it. So they
have proposed replacement as a retrofit
strategy, which is a phrase I like very
much. And that means that they can take
funds that have been allocated for seismic
retrofitting and use them to build a new
bridge, which is what engineers most like
to do. So they are actually going to take
down the old 27 bridge and put up a new
one. And that's the project that we've
been following for the last couple of
years through, up until now it's largely
been what they call the design phase, the
environmental phase, where they're going
out and doing all of the environmental
impact assessments and basically getting
permission to go ahead with the project.
And they're just now moving into the
design phase. Now within, as fascinating
as the bridge is, and we've spent a lot of
time doing things like following them to
town meetings in Crockett where they have
talked to the local citizens about the
project. For us as anthropologists this is
an opportunity to do some very wonderful
ethnography of how a bridge gets built and
relations between engineers and citizens
and that sort of thing. But for us in our
capacity as park researchers doing a
prototyping project, the focus has been on
what are called the project files. And
project files are collections that are
maintained by every engineering team at
Caltrans. It's an obligatory collection
that you have to create that is basically
a cumulative collection of relevant
documents that are created and acquired
over the course of a project. And as you
can see they are currently kept on paper
in three ring binders. And I'll tell you
more about them but just to say that one
of the things that, you know, when we were
again sort of in terms of how a project
like ours gets designed, when we were
starting to talk with the project team
about what they were up to and how we
might do some interesting kind of
collaboration together, together, we
realized that the project files were
another instance of what we're calling
working document collection and that we
had worked with it with an interestingly
similar and different collection in our
previous project, which was in a law firm,
where we worked with a particular attorney
taking, again, a paper collection of his
documents and moving them online,
exploring what it would mean to move them
online. So it was for us a way of building
on our previous projects, of bringing
together the specifics of this particular
work site and its practices with a more
sort of cumulative general understanding
of how these kinds of collections work.
work. And the other thing that struck us
was, again, as in the law firm collection,
the tremendous heterogeneity of the
documents that are in the project files.
They include a lot of general business
documents, letters and memos and reports
and spreadsheets and tables and that sort
of thing. And then also things like
newspaper clippings. So they clip you
know, articles that come out about
Caltrans that are relevant to the project.
And then a lot of interesting more
engineering specific documents, maps, and
plans of various kinds, all ingeniously
folded to fit in an 8.5 by 11 inch binder.
So we've got documents of, you know, a lot
of different kinds of genre and format,
and a lot of different sizes and that sort
of thing. So the question is, you know,
how are you actually going to deal with
this when you're thinking of moving this
collection from one medium to another? The
other thing that fascinated us was that in
spite of the tremendous heterogeneity of
these documents, they were all to be filed
according to the Caltrans Uniform Filing
System, which as a piece of classification
is a really, really interesting artifact
in its own right. The Caltrans Uniform
Filing System is a basically
hierarchically nested set of categories
that are in principle to be used
throughout Caltrans. It's really
interesting when you start to look at the
Uniform Filing System how incredibly
dynamic it becomes. It changes both, it's
changed from the sort of central
headquarters and then it's changed, it's,
you know, with permission customized
locally. And so I'll talk more about that
when I tell you about the prototype, but
the uniform filing system turns out to be
in fact a constantly sort of shifting and
transformed set of categorization scheme.
Another interesting thing about it from
the point of view of classification is
that it's got all these different
interests in it. Partly it's organized by
the kind of phases of a project, so it's
orienting to producing a kind of archival
historical record at the end of the
project. It's also oriented to the types
of documents, so whether it's
correspondence or reports of various
kinds, it's oriented to topical issues.
and all of these different cross-cutting
interests are sort of homogenized and
flattened in in this apparently
straightforward hierarchical system but of
course when you actually go to file
documents you run into into that and I'll
show you more about that there are there
is a perceived problem around around
getting documents into the project files.
It is a perpetual trouble for people. For
all sorts of reasons, certainly in part, I
think part of the reason that we're all so
behind in our filing is that it's not a
straightforward task. For any given
document, there are so many possible ways
of filing it. And so it's a hard problem,
and as a consequence, things pile up. And
this is the two-file cardboard box sitting
on the desk of the senior engineer. So we
became interested in understanding more
about what actually is hard about filing
documents. Here's another activity which
is typically seen as a completely mindless
activity, but which somehow when any of us
actually goes to try to do it, opens out
into something more problematic and what's
going on there. So what we did was we
spent some time with the senior, The other
thing I should say is that at Caltrans, as
with many organizations, budgets have been
cut. There's very little administrative
support. The engineers themselves are
responsible for doing the filing of their
documents. So we spent some time with the
senior project engineer, sitting with him
while he worked on trying to file some of
these documents that were on his desk that
he wanted to get into the project files.
And this is my colleague Randy watching
sympathetically as Dave sort of talks his
way through some filing. And at this point
I want to show you a videotape if we're
queued up. I'm going to show you a few
little bits of recorded Dave filing. And
in the first one, let me just orient you a
little bit to what you're going to see.
Well, I'll show it to you and then just
point out what I think are some of the
interesting issues. And here's a
transcript in case you have any trouble
hearing. Can I show the overhead and the
tape at the same time or should we? I feel
I'm talking to some unknown assistant
here. Over there, right? I can't. Okay. So
we'll just look at the tape and then I'll
put the transcript up.
store these things you know like for
instance this one right here it's our
letter to the FHWA regarding consultation
for the Endangered Species Act so there's
a permit involved environmental is
involved the federal FHWA is involved
external agencies so there's all these
categories that can conceivably go under
and I have to pick one. Then I have to go
back and maybe search for because maybe I
wasn't thinking the same on the next time
when I'm looking back. So that's why it'd
be really cool if you know if you can
enter these things one like you had you
said you could you could have a date or a
title or Subject or keyword or whatever.
That's why I think it'd be really handy
because I'm sitting here and I'm going
well
Correspondence to federal agencies. Yeah,
that's the one I think it is But it could
easily be thrown underneath permit. And
certainly my assessment may be different
than the guy in the next aisle over. Not
when he's trying to fire a lady, when
they're trying to find him.
Okay, so. I don't see what I thought I was
looking. I'm going to show you one more.
Okay, so, you know, this is all really
familiar and mundane stuff. But, you know,
it's stuff that we all know, but we've
never figured out exactly what to do about
it. You know, we've got the problem.
you've got multiple alternative
categories, any one of which could make
sense depending on how you reason about
it. Then you've got the problem of how do
you align the way you're going to reason
about the document when you're filing it
and the way you're going to be reasoning
about it when you go to look for it. And
Dave's uneasy feeling that if he comes up
with one sort of logic right now for how
to file it, he's trying to anticipate when
he goes to look for this thing, how is he
likely to be thinking about it. And then
finally he worries at the end about the
obvious problem of whether the way he
thinks about it is going to be the same as
the way, you know, the guy or lady, as he
says in the next cubicle, overthinks about
it. So these are all, you know, familiar
kinds of problems around cataloging and
filing of documents. Let me show you one
more little clip now from the same session
with Dave.
I guess I would stick it under floodplain
evaluations.
Where was the other spot? Drainage is
usually done during the design phase, and
we're not there yet. So that's why I
always pick... This is 4D2, 5D2. But see,
231 is draft environmental document, which
is pretty vague. So I'll never find it. I
would probably be more inclined to stick
it under drainage even though that's not
where it belongs. I don't know what else.
That's what I'm going to do. I'm probably
not doing it right, but that's what I
would do. This is why your system would be
nice. So again, another sort of related
set of problems here. In the beginning
here, he's looking through the uniform
filing system itself. itself is like an
eight-page document. He's sitting there
searching through the uniform filing
system for the category that he's looking
for that he thinks he wants to assign this
document to. Again, he's worrying here
about this misalignment between the kind
of normative chronological order of the
classification scheme and the topical
content of the document that he's got,
which is about drainage, which has come up
in terms of an evaluation of a floodplain
in the environmental stage, but the
drainage category is farther down in the
design. So how does he adjudicate that?
And again, he's thinking here about how am
I going to file it such that when I go to
look for it, there's some hope that I'll
actually find it. Now let me show you a
couple of clips around search. The clip
I'm going to show you was a serendipitous
recording that we were actually up there
installing a board on Dave's PC that would
allow it to talk to our scanner as we were
putting together a prototype. And because
we're interested in all of the grungy
practical details around actually
implementing a prototype, we were
recording this, right? So we're there in
Dave's office and when the clip first
starts, you're going to see my colleague
Randy and one of their IS people under
Dave's desk messing with his PC. And so
we're there recording and Dave comes in
and he picks up the two file box off his
desk and sits down and starts going
through it. So I eventually pan back to
actually see what it is that he's up to.
And you're going to see three little
segments with breaks between them. In the
first, you'll hear a query from my
colleague, Jeanette, to Dave about what
he's searching for. And he explains that
he's looking for the documentation of an
agreement between a local agency and a
local city and Caltrans around an aspect
of their process. And then in the second,
you'll see him find a document and sort of
inspect it and decide, apparently, that
it's what he wants and set it aside. And
then in the final one, we have a little
exchange where he explains to us the
uncertainties about what he's been looking
for. And there's this whole search. I
mean, he went through, you'll see when he
finds the document, he's about two-thirds
of the way through the box. So the whole
thing probably went on for 15 minutes, I
would say. So here are these three little
clips.
Some old resolutions that East Virginia
Regional Park and the city passed in
support of our mitigation project. Yeah,
sure do. Exactly. Exactly.
I don't know if the oven exists.
Yeah, most of the time. I don't think I
actually got one of these things from the
city.
So, at the beginning, as I said, he
explains to us that he's looking for some
old resolutions, as he says, from the East
Bay Regional Parks and the City. So
potentially, at the beginning, he's
looking for two documents, one from each
of these agencies. And then when he talks
to us about what he found, he explains, he
says he's still going through, you saw him
in the middle clip sort of pull out one
document, set it to the side, and then
keep going. And then he announces happily
to us that he actually found something and
explains that now he's starting to wonder
whether there is actually ever was a
second document. So the question here is
what do you know ahead of time about what
you're looking for when you're doing this
kind of search? And here's a case where
Dave goes through the whole box on the
possibility that a document that may or
may not exist was put in there by one of
his colleagues. And that's the kind of
working with the material medium that's
involved in the sort of problematic state
of the project files at the moment. So
what we have been doing together with Dave
and the rest of the engineering team is an
exploration in what would it mean to put
their collection online. And the prototype
that we've built, we hear being used very
loosely to refer to my colleague Randy
Trigg, is called, it's built on top of a
platform called the integrator because the
idea of the integrator has been to try to
build a platform on which we can pull
together as much stuff as possible into a
useful configuration. We have our sort of
basic approach in putting this prototype
together is we want to require minimal
overhead for filing. You should be able to
get documents into this collection with as
little effort as possible. And you'll see
concretely what that means. And then we
want to provide, once you've gotten your
document in there, and particularly if
you've put your document in with very,
very minimal coding of any kind, we want
to give you multiple opportunities to add
more metadata to the document. So we want
you to be able to take a document that's
in the, when you come across a document
that's in the collection, be able to add
more metadata to it if you're inspired to
do that. And very importantly, as you'll
see, the collection of metadata that's
applicable has got to be modifiable.
You've got to be able to both go in and
change the coding of a particular document
and then work with the overall set of
metadata. data. And then when it goes to
look to come sign to look for documents we
want there to be multiple ways that you
can go about looking for them. Trying to
perpetuate some of the advantages of the
paper world where where you can use a
pretty wide repertoire of strategies for
looking. The basic scenario has been that
you know first of all you get your
document scanned into into a file and and
then into a repository. And then, of
course, the rationale is that once you've
got your documents online, you can do
things like do multiple categorization of
a given document. You don't have to worry
about resolving those problems that Dave
was struggling with. You can look at the
whole collection in different ways, which
is something that's impossible for them to
do at this point. So you can look at the
whole collection ordered by the document
dates or the topics. And I'll show you
more about that. you can still view and
browse over the page images. That's a
place where we want to preserve what
you've got now and maybe even enhance it
in some ways. Obviously now you can do a
full text search over the optically
character recognized text and we want you
to be able to do combined searches so you
throw in you know something that you know
about a property that might have been
assigned to this document with a text
stream string and also being able to
search use the images as a resource and
then obviously once you're online there's
the possibility of having distributed
access to the collection so to sit at your
desk and and over the world wide web
actually look at it and get a hold of
things and then you still have to be able
to print your documents that's essential
you know the idea there's simple idea we
have is okay once Once you got documents
online, then you could have access to the
project files from multiple locations,
from multiple locations both within
Caltrans headquarters and also now they've
got their field office set up out by the
bridge. So one of the things we're
interested in seeing is how do documents
travel across these sites. The way they
travel now primarily is that Dave gets a
phone call, he or somebody who who works
for him finds the document, they stick it
into a relevant form of mail and it gets
sent off or it gets faxed. So this would
obviously open up some new possibilities
there. And distributed access would work
both to give multiple people access to the
same collection as which is the situation
I was just describing and also a single
person, one of the managers that we've
been talking to, she has I think a hundred
projects that she's in principle
responsible for. So she has an interest in
being able to get views onto multiple
project files. And there are really
interesting, obviously, protection and
access issues that come up there that I'll
come back to. So what we've done is we've
set up, this is the prototype. It's made
up of plastic hardware software and paper.
So we basically have a really, I will say,
really nice Xerox scanner. Nice because it
has a great document feeder so you can
throw in multiple documents at a time.
hooked up to a PC and the PC is running a
piece of software called Pages, which
again is a really nice application for
supporting the work of scanning documents.
And so the documents are basically scanned
using the scanner in Pages onto the PC
that's sitting there. And then with a web
-based form, they're coded and then
they're uploaded onto the web. And at the
moment, they're actually uploaded onto the
web and sent to PARC, where we pull them
in across the PARC firewall and do various
kinds of processing over them, and then
put them back out, indexed, both the
documents and the metadata indexed outside
the firewall, so that people at Caltrans
with password protection can view the
documents. The thing that we're up to now
is trying to move the whole thing into
Caltrans running on their intranet. And
that involves a bit of substituting some
code that's been running at PARC with
commercially available, extended
commercially available software using
pages as the sort of basic platform for
it. They now have an intern who's
dedicated 25 hours a week to scanning and
maintaining the project files. We have at
last count about 1,250 documents in there,
which just to give you a sense, I mean if
you say documents, it turns out documents
average about five pages. That of course
doesn't mean at all, I mean they range
from lots of one pagers to long documents,
but it's about 1,250 roughly times five is
the number of actual pages that we have.
And for those of you who are interested in
it takes about a gigabyte of storage at
this point with another megabyte for the
metadata.
Okay, some things that we've learned about
scanning because along with the intern
that they've hired, we ourselves have done
an enormous amount of scanning and learned
a great deal from it. You know, again this
sort of goes back to what I was saying
about filing. There are all these things
that are almost too mundane to mention,
but when you're actually sitting there
scanning documents, they become quite
salient. Things like you have a stack and
it's not always completely clear what
should constitute a single document.
Should this thing be scanned as a single
document or as multiple documents? A
little bit of judgment has to be exercised
there. You know, you've got to give the
document a name to store it on the hard
drive on your PC, and so you've got to
sort of come up with something, and it
turns out that we display the names, and
so it's actually useful if they say a
little bit about the document. And then
you've got to deal with the kind of
heterogeneity that these documents have.
For example, there are a lot of documents
that have some pages, portrait, and some
landscape. And, you know, there are issues
there. You throw them all on the scanner.
one of the really nice things that Pages
does is you can view all of the thumbnails
of all the documents that you've scanned
and very easily rotate. So we go in and we
rotate the documents so that when the
thumbnails are displayed, everything will
be nicely oriented in the right way, which
is great for viewing the documents, but
then of course when you're going to go to
print them, you need to both reorient them
and rescale them again. So there are
translations between scanning and viewing
and printing around page orientation that
have become an issue. And there are
variously sized pages. Pages again
supports really nicely, you know, you do
the 8.5 by 11s and then you add the, you
do the others on the platen and you add
them. So a lot of this, and again, it's
essential to be able to easily go in and
re-scan a document, replace a particular
page and also to see what you've done
after you scan them and to be able to go
in there and reorder pages reorient things
all of that actually pages does really
well which is why we're we're relying on
it to a great deal now of course you get
to the documents in the project files
through a home page and we have this
project files home page it may be a little
hard for you to read it so you know you
can select search the project files that
which takes you to the search interface
which I'll show you add a new document
takes you to the coding form that I'll
show you and then a very various ways in
which you can review the whole collection
by dates by the arranged according to the
uniform filing system and then various
kinds of administrative operations that it
turns out to be really useful to have like
a change log that shows what the status of
documents that have been scanned but not
yet indexed is and things like that. We
have a web-based form so that after you've
used Pages to scan your document, you go
in and you bring it up and then you can
code it in a variety of ways. The
interesting thing about this form is the
number of times it's changed since we've
been working with them. Once they really
got into using this form, they began to
see ways in which actually the initial
things which they said made sense. Like we
started out with a bunch of keywords,
which then got differentiated into things
like source and recipient, as we have
here. And the issue there is that it's
become clear to us how essential it is
that this kind of a form be tailorable and
modifiable. And that presents, we've
probably done a half a dozen iterations on
the design of this form in the last six
months to a year that we've been working
with them. This poses a real challenge for
us in attempting to move this thing into
their environment and extricate ourselves
because at the moment these changes are
done through very close collaboration
between the engineers and Randy where they
tell him the changes that they want and he
implements them. How do we deal with that?
That's obviously going to be essential.
Once you've coded your document, you go
down. This is the second page which
printed out doesn't fit onto a single
sheet. You go down to the bottom and you
say submit document and document info. And
then it goes through this, at the moment,
this sort of trip over to park and back
again. But eventually that will just
basically put it onto a web server in
their environment. Again, some
observations about coding documents, which
we've also done a lot of and talked to
them about a lot. It turns out that
there's a requirement for a lot of
flexibility around the question of who
codes documents and who scans them. And
one of the things that they wanted and
that we provided is a paper version of the
online coding form. Which means that
engineers who are sitting at their desks
with a pile of documents can just take
this paper form, code it, paper clip it to
the front of the document, put it in that
inbox, and then the intern can scan it.
The intern also does coding himself
online.
Engineers could do online coding from
their desks if they were into that. But
basically, it's the more alternatives
there are for how to do this, the better.
Again, a lot of flexibility in the amount
of coding. Either you can do very, very
minimal coding, basically give it a
uniform file system category, or you can
do increasingly elaborate, and you can do
that either at the time that you scan it
or later. So we've been trying to give
them a lot of different ways of organizing
the time and the place and how much or
little of this work gets done and that
seems essential for making the thing
really, really useful, usable and useful.
Again, now that things, once things have
actually been entered into the online
repository, there are a whole lot of new
ways to be able to see the collection. You
can still look at all of the, look at the
collection according to the uniform filing
system, but now, oh sorry, I meant to put
this one up for you, but now of course you
have active links. So you can actually go
in and you can see how many documents
there are in a given category. You can
click on the link and you can see all of
those documents. So it's preserving the
old way of organizing the collection, but
with some new ways of being able to see it
and get at it. One thing that's turned out
to be really useful for them is that you
can organize, you can see the whole
collection ordered by dates from the most
recent documents. It turns out that in
thinking about a document when people,
when they're going to look for it, people
very often know, well you know this is a
letter that was sent to us back in March
of last year. So it's really helpful to be
able to go in and look at all the
documents from March of last year. You can
actually view thumbnail images of all of
the, some of the document, one of the
options is to code documents by the type
of document they are. So is it a letter,
is it a report, is it a memo, and you can
again just see see what you've got in the
collection in that way. In addition to
various ways of viewing it, obviously you
can you can search and And this is the
kind of, it's a hybrid search interface,
as I said, because it allows you to
combine a full-text search with properties
plus getting back a view of your hits as
thumbnails, which you can then scan in
something like the way that you would scan
a paper collection. And you can also
display the returns, the results of a
search in different ways. You can display
them as thumbnails. you can also display
them in this kind of tabular form if it's
more helpful to see everything that comes
back by date. So again, the point here is
that there are many different combination
ways in which things can be configured.
And it turns out that how you want it
configured is very much tied to what you
know when you go to do the search. It
shapes how you want to actually view the
collection. Once you find a document that
you're looking for, you can view it in
multiple thumbnail sizes. So here's a
single document with all of its pages laid
out. You can see this issue of portrait
and landscape in a single document. And
then of course you can go in and view any
of the pages. And you can see from this
how important the images are because a lot
of the documents in this collection, once
you do OCR, you get back practically
nothing. And even the documents that you
get a lot back from OCR have in addition
various kinds of marginalia annotations
that you lose. So we're very much
believers in the idea that you need to
preserve images as well as providing
people with text search. And then Randy
has actually created, in an attempt to
address this problem of user modification
of the coding scheme, Randy's actually
provided an interface for them that allows
them to do the relatively straightforward
things like take all the documents that
were called this and now call them that,
or add this new category. The tricky part,
of course, that we're dealing with now is
they do more elaborate reconfigurations of
their coding scheme that have
ramifications back through the already
coded documents, Randy has to write more
and more elaborate scripts that will go
back and and recode the collection. And
the really difficult question that we face
is when we leave, how can we make sure
that this thing doesn't die in the next,
at the next point where they decide they
want to to make a big change and aren't
able to do it. That's and that's that
brings us into the whole question of what
kind of continuing organizational and
human support there's going to be. Okay,
to summarize, the two aspects of what this
project has meant in terms of designing,
there's the project of configuring a
working prototype, which we've done by,
you know, we got a first approximation
running in our lab. We moved it over to
their organization, keeping some of the
processing work at PARC, and now we're
trying to actually move the whole thing
onto their intranet. And then a lot of
what we've been doing has been configuring
a working practice in relation to that
prototype, working out flexible divisions
of labor. As I said, this idea of paper
coding forms came out of that. that. Being
sure that you can review and manipulate
your page images. It's just you can't,
scanning really requires, you can't do it
blind. You want to see what you've done
and you want to be able to go in there and
fix things. And support for this kind of
iterative document coding. So you code a
document maybe a bit when you scan it and
then you add things or you change things
later on. Maybe even when you go to search
for it and you bring it up and you see how
it was coded and you say, oh, I don't
really like that. I want to revise it. And
then on a larger scale, support for this
kind of extensible and modifiable metadata
that seems so important. Some of the
issues for them, if this effort is
successful, is that if we were actually to
get to the point where this collection was
online and available in a distributed way,
the project team is no longer the
interface to the collection in the way
that they have been before, which has
afforded tremendous value in various ways.
I mean these documents are in principle
available to anyone, but of course it's a
big difference if you, if all of the
requests go through you or if people in
unknown places are doing unknown things
with the collection. So access controls
that now are largely taken care of through
the practicalities of the medium because
these things exist in one place nobody
else knows how to find anything in them
now have to be addressed much more
explicitly and very important and very
salient for us at the moment is where of
course at this point we're keeping all of
these documents on on paper in the old
way. Eventually, I would imagine there
would be some mix. A lot of them would no
longer be kept in the binders once they
were online. Others of them would be kept
in the binders because you'd want the
original for various reasons. And so there
are very complicated questions about how
you're going to maintain the coherence of
the media of the paper and the digital
renderings of the documents. And then
finally, this larger question of
maintaining the coherence of your coding
categories, both with respect to the paper
and the digital documents, and how you do
that both over time. We've already seen,
as I said, tremendously dynamic changes
there within the project team that we're
working with over the year or so that
we've had the prototype running. And then
once you have multiple project teams
working with a collection, it becomes an
even more challenging kind of coordination
problem. I'll end with a slogan, which is
really a slogan that refers to this whole
approach to doing this kind of work
oriented design approach. I was often
asked, well the impression I got from many
of my colleagues at PARCC in the early
days when I was arguing for this kind of
work was, is if we go out and look at the
way people are currently working, it will
have this deeply conservative effect on
us. We'll end up just replicating what
they're doing now. And it's better if we
just sort of freely imagine the
possibilities. And my response to that is,
well, if you, in a very sort of flat
-footed way, went about trying to
replicate exactly, well first of all I
think the premise that there is that until
we as designers come along the world is a
stagnant place. That people are basically
sitting there doing the same thing over
and over again and it's only when
brilliant and innovative designers come on
the scene that they say oh you know we
could be doing it differently. That's not
my experience. Every workplace I've ever
been in there are people in the the
workplace who, not everyone, but there are
always people who are pretty continually
sort of reflecting in, you know, greater
and lesser ways about what they're doing
and trying to figure out how to do it
differently. And our experience is that
it's much more that it's hard to keep up
with the dynamism of the organization of
work practices than it is to get people
to, you know, sort of get, make any kinds
of changes in what they're doing. So first
of all, things aren't stagnant until we
come along. And secondly, if we did come
along and try to take an analysis of
people's working practices as the basis
for design, in the absence of any sort of
imaginative activity, we might have a
problem. We need to also engage in
thinking about how things could be
different. But the idea here is that, I
mean the crude way of putting this is it's
better to design from knowledge than from
ignorance, right? But I think that the
goal that we're after is to try to get
enough of a mutual understanding, and this
comes very much out of the tradition of
Scandinavian systems design that we've
been deeply influenced by. The idea that
people doing a particular kind of work
using relevant technologies need to have
enough of an understanding of what the
technological possibilities are that they
can engage in thinking intelligently about
what the possibilities could be. And
that's what our running prototype in this
worksite is doing. It's giving people in
the worksite the ability to imagine what
the technology, to have enough of an
understanding of what the technology does
to be able to imagine what it could do.
And similarly for us, we need not to
become civil engineers. That would be, you
know, that would require many lifetimes to
do that in all of the sites where we might
want to design. But we need to develop
enough of an appreciation for what their
issues are that we in turn can think
intelligently about their work. And doing
the kind of projects that we're doing on
site in the way that we're doing them
enables that sort of collaboration so that
you get what I think is a very powerful
combination of grounded understanding of
existing practice plus imagination of how
things might be different. So I'll stop
there and take questions. Yeah? What are
your thoughts at the moment on purging and
on archiving machinery in the form of
this?
Well, if we get to stay around long enough
we'll see because in terms of archiving
it's a very explicit part of this project
files process that a subset of the
documents in the project files go into a
history file. In paper? In paper. Now at
the moment everything is in paper. But
that means that if we have an online
collection, eventually a subset of that
online collection will need to be archived
and another, presumably some other
documents that are useful in the course of
the project will no longer be needed. I
have an article in the media that I've
read very recently about the fact that
even DVDs are now known to deteriorate
much more rapidly than anyone expected
they would. Much faster than film, for
example. And now this is a more general
question to someone from PARC. What are
you going to use to archive records? Yeah,
I am not an archivist, but I think that, I
know that's a really serious and pressing
question, because archivists know a lot
about paper as a medium. And there's been
a huge amount of work done to develop
kinds of paper that are extremely durable,
much more than we know or have done in
relation to digital media. So I don't have
the answer, but I think it's a very
important question. Yeah. Have you looked
at the change in practice after
introduction of your prototype? You have a
fascinating natural experiment. Any result
coming in? Oh, yeah. I mean, well, let's
see. Obviously, before we were there, the
practice was to take these documents and
put them into the binders. And we've
interjected an entire new sort of piece of
work that we hope is going to be valuable
enough. that it's worth doing. At the
moment, of course, they're doing both
things so that after things are put into
the online collection they get put into
the binders. I think it's,
we've actually wondered what would be
happening if we weren't there because the
state of the documents that needed to go
into the project files was reaching kind
of a crisis point at the time when we
actually got our prototype up and running.
I mean, there were just stacks of
documents everywhere. It was out of
control in part because the whole project
is on an accelerated timeframe and there's
nobody to do that work. So partly I think
our being there, this is a bit of a
Hawthorne effect, but it's had now I think
some really enduring consequences, was to
raise the project files to both to raise
their visibility within the team and also
you know we obviously put we've put a lot
of labor into getting getting the online
collection together I think what what
usually happens around the project files
is that they are they're managed on it on
an as-needed basis so for a large part of
the project people go along doing sort of
crisis is document search. They need to
find something, they spend huge amounts of
time searching through piles of documents.
And then at the point where they're
actually responsible for turning the
collection over to someone else, they do a
huge amount of work to pull the collection
together. So the collection becomes more
like a record than a useful resource in
the actual work as it's going on. So I'm
hoping that one of the effects of our
intervention is to make the project files
into much more of a sort of active
resource and obviously cut down a great
deal on the amount of time they spend
searching through cardboard boxes and all
the other stacks of things that are
around. Yeah. Two questions. A lot of
times people take old documents and modify
them, either clipping notes to them or
making changes to them. How do you handle
that in the system? Are there multiple
copies of the document, links or what?
There are multiple copies, multiple
versions of documents, and in a way that's
fine. We don't worry. We've tried to keep
an eye out for exact duplicates and not
put exact duplicates in. But we've got
many variations on documents with
different annotations. And I think one of
the benefits of this kind of a system is
that you can do that at a relatively low
cost. And then when you do your search,
you're going to get back all of the
different versions, and you can look for
the one that you want. It's really up to
them to decide which documents go into the
collection. So I would say if something
gets pulled out and modified, it's going
to be their call whether it should then be
rescanned in a new version. But we want to
make the scanning easy enough that if you
wanted to do that, it wouldn't be a big
deal. The second question is with the
changing of the classification, how much
of that is them learning the system and
thinking about it for the first time
versus they're moving on to different
phases of the work? I think partly it's
their thinking more about it. partly their
orientation to the classification scheme
is tied to the particular thing that
they're working on at the moment. For
example, we just had a major revision to
the filing system by one of the engineers
who was given responsibility for doing
some work around all of the task orders to
consultants. So he was focused on the task
orders to consultants. He looked at the
previous classification scheme and he
didn't like the ways in which, you know,
he was actually going to look for those
things and they were interspersed in ways
that he didn't like and he wanted to
create a new category for them. So it's
very much occasioned by you turn to do a
particular task and you then find things,
you know, that matter to you. And I think
that kind of interweaving of the design of
the classification scheme and the the
ongoing work is critical. You've got to be
able to sort of work back and forth
between the two. It doesn't happen all at
once at the beginning. And it doesn't even
happen at sort of predictable times. It
happens as the spirit moves you and you
actually care, then you focus on it. Yeah?
Yeah. I noticed in my experience, if I
have some kind of archives, I put them on
my desk. so that I can remember that I
need to look at these things. I'm
wondering if you guys have thought about
that in terms of those documents are
actually a trigger to remember things. If
they're in some kind of electronic form,
it may not be as good a trigger. Right,
absolutely. I think the difference between
having things sort of enclosed in a
workstation and spread around is very
important. In a way, that's about how
things move between this sort of active
and working status. But I think there are
interesting possibilities, again, for new
kinds of integration there. I mean, one of
the things that people at PARCC have been
working on for a long time are these
glyphs, basically barcode-type images that
you could put onto documents that are
instructions for, you know, are machine
-readable. So one of the ideas is that you
could have, it's been called document
tokens, or let's say you have, I mean,
I've always thought it would be nice to
have paper file cabinets, but instead of
the whole papers, I'd have first pages.
So, and then you could take out that page
and stick it into a scanner and get the
whole document back out again. So
variations on how we could both have those
sort of mnemonic cues, but maybe not have
in every case the whole document sitting
around, for example. So, but that kind of
playing with the relationship between the
paper and the digital, I think, is really
interesting. Much more interesting
direction than thinking about, you know,
the paperless office. I think it would be
interesting to see that. So, a lot of
people have personal post-it notes where
although the documents are shared between
everyone, when there's some kind of system
locally on their computer where they can
add post-it notes to the files that
represent their own files. Right. Well, if
we're imagining this as a web-based thing,
people should be able to create their own
sub-collections. People should be able to
have their own sets of bookmarks,
obviously, and do sort of personalized
subsets of the project files. We've got a
lot of post-its in the project files.
We've been very conscientious about
scanning everything, right? So we scan
post-its, and sometimes if it's a post-it
that obscures the document, we'll do it
twice. So we'll have an image of the
document with the Post-it and then the
page behind it, right? But those sorts of
things, you know, we take those seriously.
Yeah? Have you started to gather any
evidence on how people, without using both
the paper files and the online version,
are they starting, I mean, do you find
them turning to search in one or the
other? Yeah, I think it's too early to say
that. We've been so focused on building
this collection that we're just beginning.
It's just now getting to the point where
it's substantial enough. And it's, I think
we're passing that threshold where we've
got enough documents in the collection and
it's going to be enough easier to find
things in the collection than on paper
that the search, you know, will really
start. But that's where we're focused at
the moment. And I think it's too soon to
say. we've gotten reports of you know I
found a document using your system that I
hadn't been able to find but the sense I
have is that it's still people probably go
first to look for the thing on paper and
then if they can't find it they go to the
system we really have to get the system at
much more sort of on people's desktops so
that you know what we would put a bookmark
on Dave's machine and and we've made
little cheat sheets about how easy it is
to do search. But people aren't quite into
it yet. They still view the intern as the
kind of, that they'll go to him and he'll
do an online search for them. So we're, I
think, very much still in that process.
Right. Well, I think that's going to
depend on the document. In some cases, I
think they'll print it out. In some cases,
they'll want to go back and find the
original. Yeah. I saw images of drawing
CAD files. Right, they actually handle
their CAD files, their actual plans
separately from the project files at this
point. And so we don't have, we have some
printouts of plans that have some
historical relationship to the current
project, but their actual working CAD
files are treated totally separately and
and are much more at this point online
than the rest of these documents so not at
this point but that's going to be
important eventually to do that yeah you
have been mentioning that there is the
need a growing need to keep care of the
coding I mean they're kind of this I There
is a kind of these arrows of all this
stuff. And when the project gets larger,
do you foresee the need to have someone
taking care of these arrows and then
possibly undermining the economic benefits
of such a system? Or the benefits in terms
of, is that the engineers caring for these
arrows will overcome the fact that someone
will have to be professionally involved in
keeping these arrows? I do think that in
order to get the value from the system,
there will need to be some human resources
invested in, particularly in the ongoing
modification and maintenance of the
collection, the kinds of things where we
want to make a substantial enough change
to the classification scheme that
something's got to run over the collection
and bring it up to date. And I think that
is a new role that's really going to be
crucial, which I would see as a relatively
small investment that has the potential of
actually making the rest of the
investment, you know, pay off. But those
are the kinds of, I think, really hard
issues, practical issues around getting a
system like this really implemented in an
organization. Do you know if there was
someone in the past, before the cuts in
the budgets, that would do this work, so
the technology is bringing back a figure
that was there? Well, in a way, there is
a, for example, one of the engineers now
keeps a copy of the UFS. Actually, he uses
an Excel spreadsheet, which is
interesting. I'm not quite sure why, but I
think because he likes all the columns and
rows and everything. And he actually goes
in and edits that. And so what that would
mean now is you'd get your new uniform
filing system, and then you'd have to go
back and make sure your binders were, you
know, synchronized with that. So there is
a kind of version of it now, but it
involves a very different set of skills.
And, you know, we're talking about some
programming skills here that take you into
whole other departments, you know, then
you get into the information systems
department and you're into an entirely new
sort of place in the organization. So
it's, yeah. Have you found picking up on
that, have you found that formalizing the
work processes and workflows, roles of the
people help you in figuring out what kind
of coding system would be helpful for
work? My immediate answer is no. I guess I
should think about it a little bit more. I
mean, it's so dynamic. They're constantly
negotiating their sort of working division
of labor within the group. And I mean
there are frameworks that come down from
that centrally. There's a large procedure
manual for projects at Caltrans, which is
really a framework for here are the sort
of basic components of what needs to shape
a project. And then the lead engineers for
the individual projects have a huge amount
of discretion in the way that they
organize their particular team, and that's
changing all the time with the different
phases of the project as they see what's
working and what's not working. So I think
it's such a moving target that you know a
lot of what I've been talking about is
trying to provide a kind of toolkit or a
suite of resources that can be picked up
and combined and recombined very flexibly
and that that's essential because their
own division of labor and their roles and
the the organization of the work is so
dynamic. So I'm not, in this kind of
situation, I'm not much of a believer in,
well, some of you know I'm not much of a
believer in workflow, but definitely for
this kind of work site. I guess I was
thinking at the document level, thinking
about workflows and uses. That would help
you. And whether there is then some meta
-models that would emerge. Well, I think
the problem is that I think what you could
come up with would be very schematic. It
would be useful, but it would be very
schematic. And the actual use would take
you off into very sort of circumstantially
organized cases that I mean, you know, at
this point we haven't felt any need. I
mean, there are obviously, you could come
along and describe the organization of
work that that's been set up in in a model
but it's not clear to me what what value
it would have at this point.
I wanted to ask what are some of the what
you might call the innovation to come in
the scanner as a product. Just trying to
get your impression. It's one of the more
labor intensive parts in this process.
Yeah. Yeah. Are we expecting some new
product from Xerox to replace the scanner?
Not that I can think of. I mean, scanners,
I don't, you know, scanners are great. I'm
a great fan of scanners at this point. I
think the software that controls the
scanner is critical. And I mean, I will
definitely put in a plug for Pages. Pages
Pro 2.0 is what we've been using. It's a
wonderful application because it actually
lets you see what you're doing. And it
lets you go in and very, very easily you
get a row of thumbnails. You can reorder
them. You can rotate things so that you
can very, very easily, manually, but very
easily make sure that the online document
that you scan actually looks the way that
you want it to look. Now you can get, and
actually Pages also has wonderful sort of
automatic de-skewing, and you can watch
that happen too. It's very entertaining.
You sit there and you see your little
document get scanned and come up, and then
you see Pages align it, you know, fix its
alignment, and you go, that's great, you
know. So it's, I think it's a very, very
nice piece of software because it, you
know, as I say it makes everything that's
happening so visible. You can even, you
can both see the things that you need to
see in order to do the stuff manually that
you need to do and you can watch it doing
what it's doing automatically. And, you
know, you need some entertainment while
you're doing this. So it's helpful.
Any others? I think we've exhausted
ourselves. Oh, oh. Everybody wants to go
after. That didn't sound right, did it?
I'm sorry. How do they maintain
the integrity of the binder system so that
you don't have everybody looking and
saying, oh, I need that, and then just
bring it to their desk? It's a problem. It
may or may not get back into that binder,
or it may not get back anywhere. It's a
problem. It's a problem. It's a problem.
It's a problem. And that's actually a
problem, you know, again, this would help
address, because you can print out a copy
of the document and it's still there.
there. All right. Thanks a lot.